[SHIORI]
And we haven't really had
a chance to talk since
it all went down.
[SHIORI] How much longer
will we be like this?
Ugh, no way things'll stay
like this forever, will they?
Seems like overkill.
Can't a man just play his game?
[JIRO] Uh. Sure you're ready?
You want me to look?
[AKARI grunts]
Here goes!
Kill me. We're 13th.
Huh? Three places short?
So dang close,
and yet so dang far.
Our competition's tough.
The couple in fifth
started dating in real life.
For real? No way we could beat
that lovey, mushy crap, huh?
Well, it's whatevs.
I guess I'm counting on you for
another month. Cool, hubby?
Yeah.
I dunno, is it cool?
[JIRO] I never found out
what happened that day.
Akari just went back to normal
without saying a word.
Even though she
was clearly crushed,
she seems more
determined than ever to
switch partners. Guess
Tenjin's worth the tears.
Jiro! Emergency!
What's wrong?
You hurt or something?
[AKARI] There's a creep
in there! Go get him!
Huh? Who's in where?
[AKARI] Please, just hurry up
and go get him!
Pretty please,
I'm begging you, Jiro!
I need you to calm down!
Who's in there?
A spider!
What? You barged in
on me over a bug?
In case you missed it,
I'm naked!
Shut up! I don't care!
Who would, pudding body boy?
A critical hit! Ow!
[AKARI grunts]
Just help me!
If you don't get that creeper
out of our apartment now,
I'll have to stay
in here with you!
Just give me a second!
And something to cover
my dangly bits! Uh!
[JIRO] Uh... We're here.
Where's the spider?
[AKARI whimpers]
It's planning a sneak attack!
Stay calm, okay? How big was it?
[AKARI]
Like this.
[JIRO]
What? That's nothing!
Any amount of spider is a huge
amount for me, capeesh?
I understand they
freak you out, sorry.
[JIRO]
Speaking of huge amounts...
It could pop out and attack
at any moment! Scawy!
[JIRO] She's cute when
she's timid like this.
Yo, I'm mad hungry.
Then eat.
Let's mosey into the kitchen.
Yeah? C'mon! Let's go!
[JIRO]
So much for timidity.
[AKARI] Ah, I'm all stuffed on
snacks and ready to do my nails.
Am I allowed to
go to my room now?
No way, duh. If the
spider comes back
I'm gonna need you
ready to catch it.
Oh, please. Call for me
and I'll come back out.
[AKARI]
This is me calling for you.
I can't be alone
when it attacks.
[JIRO] Huge amounts!
Huge amounts on my leg!
Huge amounts nearing my--
[AKARI grunts]
[JIRO]
Huh?
Will you...
Um, protect me while I pee?
[JIRO]
For real?
[AKARI]
Jiro? You're right there, yeah?
[JIRO]
Yeah.
[AKARI]
Cover your ears, okay?
[JIRO]
Homie gonna fry some chicken?
[AKARI]
Jiro?
Yeah, I'm right here!
[AKARI]
Cover your ears, perv!
[JIRO]
I was just about to!
[JIRO] This is madness.
Girls don't piss.
Girls. Do. Not. Piss.
Come out, Akari.
Release me from this
golden nightmare.
Huh?
[AKARI]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
While I'm here,
I might as well go, too.
Oh, relax! I'll be quick!
[AKARI]
Welp, time to die!
How can I possibly
recover from this?
I'm the perv for asking him
to follow me to the bathroom!
I'm done with this
"being perceived" crap.
I mean, at least it was Jiro.
I had a feeling he'd
be nice about it.
Glad he's the one
here with me right now.
I'd never be able to ask Minami
for something like that.
Mm? [gasps]
[JIRO]
Here. Let's head back.
Did you wash that?
[JIRO]
I'm a very clean boy!
[AKARI laughs]
Thank you.
[JIRO] With that, all boundaries
are out of the door.
I really am living with a gyaru.
At first, I didn't think
there was a shot in hell
this would work out, but now...
Yo, I wanted some of that, too.
[JIRO] Well, there's
more in the freezer.
[AKARI]
Dude. If I go in there alone,
the spider could get me--
plus I only wanted one bite.
Okay, then I'll go
get you a spoon.
[AKARI]
Don't! I couldn't hold it.
What? Are you worried about
some indirect kiss crap?
I always forget you're,
like, twelve.
[JIRO] Clearly, she's
the one worried about it!
Please. I want yours.
Put it in my mouth.
Hurry. Ahhh...
[JIRO] Commander Johnson!
Keep the troops at bay!
[JIRO]
Fine.
[AKARI]
Ahhh...
[AKARI laughs]
Uh, what's so funny?
You used to pick chocolate,
but now you're a vanilla man!
We're getting more alike,
don't you think so?
[JIRO] Wow, did you get
hit by the happy bus?
Huh? Let a girl have
some fun! Buzzkill.
[JIRO grunting]
Hm?
Hey, something's
been on my mind.
If you and I had met
anywhere that wasn't this
stupid practical,
what would've happened?
That's easy, we wouldn't've
talked. Get real.
Mean! You don't know!
I would've liked you,
this hypothetical,
non-husband version of you.
[JIRO]
Why?
You'd be funny! Your gloomy
ass would send me.
But the fact we have
jack in common
might prevent anything deeper.
I bet the same can be
said for most every pair.
[AKARI] Nah, the fifth-placers
would be dating.
Yeah, maybe, but they're
an exception, so...
Should we try dating, too?
[AKARI]
Get pranked!
Not to brag, but my nails turned
out, like, lowkey bomb today.
It cool if I watch something?
[JIRO]
Of course.
[JIRO] Why did I legitimately
consider it for a second?
There's no way she
was being serious!
If she was, she wouldn't've
said it so casually.
If she was, what answer
would I even have given her?
[AKARI] Maybe if we weren't
a married couple--
and maybe if I didn't know he
was in love with someone else.
[AKARI screams]
Spider! Spider! Spider!
[JIRO] Where? Show me!
That thing? But it's...
It's terrifying! Do something!
Uhhh, woah, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Akari! Let go of me!
[AKARI gasping]
Jiro!
[JIRO] My hand,
it's immersed in warmth.
This is so wrong,
but feels so right.
[JIRO]
Uh... Akari?
[AKARI] Don't just sit there
and space out!
This is life or death--
do something!
I will! But I need you
to let go of me first!
[JIRO] Check it. I'll go ahead
buy this for next time.
--[AKARI] That's barf.
--And why is that?
If I spray it and it dies,
I won't pick that crap up.
Easy for you to say now,
but what will you do
if your next husband hates bugs?
I'm not worried. 'Cause if I
call for a certain someone,
he'll come and save me, right?
[JIRO] Don't go skipping
a beat there, heart.
She's messing with you, buddy.
Goodnight! All this
terror's got me pooped.
Night. Your exterminator
is clocking out.
Get some sleep, because
I'm counting on you, Akari.
For now, at least.
[MINAMI]
You're up late. Something wrong?
Oh, uh...
If there's something on your
mind, I'd love to talk to you
about it, though I
may not be much help.
[SHIORI]
Thanks a bunch.
Do you remember that
friend I told you about
who sorta reunited
with the boy she liked?
Yeah.
There's a little update
on their situation.
What?
They kinda kissed!
Don't get me wrong,
they aren't dating and
the kiss was on accident!
But now my poor friend
is too nervous
to talk to this boy at all.
I don't know how the boy feels.
I mean, my friend doesn't know
how the boy feels about her
or their kiss,
like if he thought
it was weird or yucky
or awkward.
The thing is...
all her worrying about it
made her realize she
really does love him.
And that accidental kiss
has been playing on
repeat in her brain.
She doesn't know if she should
be honest and tell him how
she feels. She's scared.
Got any advice for her?
Uh, Minami? Your tea!
Huh? Oops. I wasn't looking.
It's fine. Didn't get
on the sofa.
[SHIORI]
Here! Have a towel.
If your friend is scared,
it's because there's
something real on the line.
And... if there's any
chance it'll work out,
she's gotta go for it.
She's not confessing
to some stranger--
it's the person she loves.
If she waits, she'll be
too late, just like I was.
Sorry. I didn't...
[MINAMI laughs] No, it's fine.
I'm not looking for pity.
I don't want you--
I mean, your friend,
to have any regrets about this.
Keep me updated and
I'll help wherever I can.
Yes, sir!
Thanks a ton. I'm so glad
you're my partner, Minami.
Idea! How about asking this
guy if he liked the kiss?
No way, I can't!
Your friend can't? [laughs]
Tell this friend
that Minami says,
"have some more
confidence in yourself."
Okay. Sure.
[MEI] Come on, dude.
You're hot, be more confident!
The off-the-shoulder
look is sick!
Yakuin's a horn-dog, this
would have him drooling!
Ew! We're supposed to be
shopping for you by the way!
Yeah, but we both know you'd
look extra adorable in this one.
[SHIORI] You would with a cute
skirt, you have the legs!
You seein' my vision?
[MEI] Nah, I've got weird
tan lines from my shorts.
See that next one?
The red would suit you!
[MEI] Don't worry about
what would "suit me."
Just pick out whatever
you like the best.
[SHIORI]
Huh? Why?
Because it'll be you
who sees me in it.
I'll wear it the next time
we go to the movies.
Promise.
I'll be whatever version of
myself you want me to be.
[SHIORI laughs] I can see
why you have a fan club!
You'll make some lucky person
very happy someday!
I wish it was that easy, dude.
There are people I can't make
happy no matter how hard I try.
[SHIORI] Well, those people
are just silly geese who
don't know how absolutely
wonderful you are yet!
Maybe I should go and tell them.
[MEI]
You have better things to do,
like run into the
arms of your precious Yakuin,
tell him you love him, and
that everything's fine!
And once his guard is down,
jump his bones!
[SHIORI] Hush up!
We're in public you crazy!
[TERAFUNE]
Hamano!
Hey, need something?
Hey. The opposite,
I have a job interview,
so I won't need dinner.
Oh, nice. Same place
you mentioned before?
Yeah. That star
place by the station.
No way, Minami works
at a star place.
[TERAFUNE]
That's the one.
Oh, yay!
I've been a teensy worried that
Minami has been working too hard
lately, but I'll feel better
knowing you'll be with him!
Yeah, really, this dope is
surprisingly thoughtful.
[TERAFUNE] A compliment
from my wife? Am I dreaming?
Hey!
Real quick. I wanted to
tell you that Tenjin and I
will be out all
night doing karaoke.
I was thinking that you
two wives should link up.
You could have sleepover
at one of our places.
Sleep o--
Spending the night together
could be really fun,
think about it. You two
all by yourselves. No--
I don't need you to help--
How happy!
Come on, let's do it, Mei!
Let's have a sleepover!
Huh?
[SHIORI] Oopsies,
do you have plans already?
No, it's just...
"Surprisingly thoughtful?"
More like supremely thoughtful.
I'll make sure that's
the last thought you have!
And I'm never
telling you crap again!
[TERAFUNE] So, a sleepover
it is! Have fun ladies.
[MEI]
That dork.
It'll be nice! Whatcha
wanna do for dindin?
Gosh, I don't know.
[TERAFUNE] "I'll never ask
for anything again."
[TERAFUNE]
Sweet!
Now this is how
married life oughta work!
Husband slash wingman!
[BROTHER] I'll tell you 'bout my
Minaman! Listen up, Teranishi.
Terafune.
This guy works his
freakin' cajones off
so he can move out
once he graduates!
Why, you might ask?
Lemme break it down
for you, newbie.
My Minaman and his big
bro share a tragic fa--
Hey, lay off the drinks.
Besides, I've already told
Terafune about that junk.
I see. Yeah, it must be tough
coming from a
cool guy bloodline.
Like, sibling rivalry, much?
That shiz makes us glad we're
normies, right Terashima?
[TERAFUNE]
It's Terafune.
Tenjin, tell me about
your brother again.
What's he like?
He's pretty average.
Don't say crap like that!
If he's average, then what
the hell does that make us?
Now pop a nip out and let
us suckle out some beauty!
Right, Tracy?
Terafune.
My bros? Those little
weenies are about
as close to average
as they come, so...
Excuse me? Can we get
some water, please?
No, wait, they're below.
[TERAFUNE]
Cool, you have little brothers?
Oh yeah. One of them
is Kamo from school.
Y'know, Yakuin's bud?
Yakuin. Great.
[MINAMI]
Sure is a small world, isn't it?
[TERAFUNE] I didn't think there
was any way they'd work out.
How are they in 13th place?
I met Watanabe first!
What does this Yakuin tool
bag have that I don't?
Well, height and luck,
but that's it!
Ugh. I guess that's enough.
Is this an unrequited love
thing? Those stories rule!
[MINAMI] Okay boss,
time to drink some water.
It's decided!
We'll be spending
the night at my house!
And don't worry,
you can use the bed.
Huh? No, you should
take your bed,
I'll be fine on the floor.
[SHIORI]
No way, you're the guest. Wait!
We can just open up
the living room couch
and sleep there!
Like, us both?
Floor's fine, trust me.
[SHIORI] We can take
a bath together, too!
[MEI coughing]
Mei? Don't croak on me!
[MEI] I'm good. It just
went down the wrong pipe.
No worries.
Phew. The only problem
about going to my place
is that I can't check out
your old pictures!
You still have those, right?
Like the one from when we won
that tournament
in middle school!
Those aren't up anymore,
just some pics of family.
[SHIORI]
Aw, too bad.
Do you have any old pictures?
I'd like to see 'em.
[SHIORI]
Yeah, a couple.
[MEI gasps] You've gotta
show me baby Shiori.
[SHIORI] Fine. If I don't die
of embarrassment first.
To be honest, most of my
pics are me of and Jiro.
[MEI]
Ugh... Big shocker.
Huh? Oh, jeez.
My mom says she
needs me immediately.
I've gotta run to
my parent's house.
[SHIORI]
Aw...
Sorry! We can have our
sleepover another time.
[KAMO]
Riddle me this.
Why am I eating
with the same fool
whose fool face I see every day?
I don't know, you're
the one who invited me.
[KAMO]
My loving wife kicked me out
and told me to find food myself.
She's conspiring
against me as we speak.
[JIRO] But I thought things were
going okay between you two.
Well, we're certainly
not as comfy cozy
as the lovebirds at 13th place.
[JIRO]
Oh, great...
And about that story you told--
how do you "accidentally
kiss" someone?
As far as I know,
we're not in a harem anime.
I don't know. Jeez.
Yo, bro, so, it's almost summer,
you know!
I don't want a fake wife,
I want a girlfriend!
Can a young Kamo find love
in the world of
three dimensions?
No, love is just a want.
Escaping the tyranny
of virginity is a need!
[JIRO] The more you need it, the
less you're gonna get it, man.
[KAMO] Silence, class traitor!
We were bros in suffering,
but you've betrayed me and
crossed to the other side!
[JIRO]
Are you drunk or just insane?
Hey? Hey. What're you doing?
Just prepping to cancel out any
luck-based lewd escapades.
Huh?
Quit it brain! I don't want
to think about the--
I'm not afraid to use
my lips to overwrite
your previous save data.
That wouldn't
overwrite save data!
That would crash the system,
you moron!
Then just call it "accidental."
Get off me! Huh?
[gasping]
[KAMO groaning]
[JIRO]
Keep the change!
[SHIORI] Signs that you're down
bad. You read "Chef's Kiss
Marinated Maguro Bowl"
as "Kiss Bowl."
[JIRO]
Shiori!
Jiro?
[JIRO] You've got it all wrong!
I promise it wasn't like that!
Huh? You mean...
I don't want you to
misunderstand anything.
I guess you could
call it an accident.
Yeah. I knew that much.
It's really okay.
I'm not bothered by
it in the slightest.
Oh good. I don't know how,
but I pissed
Kamo off and he went
creep mode on me.
Hm? What does Kamo
have to do with this?
Huh? That's who I was in the
weird position with
in the restaurant.
You were in a weird position
in a restaurant?
Huh?
[BOTH]
Huh.
Oopsie daises,
it appears as if we're talking
about two different things!
What a hilarious
and honest mistake!
Please forget all
that has happened!
[JIRO]
Whoa. That looks heavy.
[SHIORI] It is. I bought
way too much stuff.
I can help you. Uh, if
you don't mind, of course.
Huh? Are you sure you want to?
[JIRO]
Yeah.
If Shiori and I were married,
it would be just like this.
C'mon Jiro, there's no way
she's having those thoughts.
It's sorta funny, isn't it?
This is how it'd be
if we were marr--
--Huh?
--Inside thought, oops!
Come on, you can tell me.
Oh, no, it was silly.
Thanks a bunch for
carrying this with me,
Jiro. You're sweet.
Uh... About what happened
at the nurse's...
I feel terrible! It was
totally my bad. I'm sorry.
No! I need you to listen to me!
Please don't apologize.
[JIRO]
Uh...
[SHIORI]
Please don't.
'Cause, uh... I wanted
you to teach me how.
[SHIORI] And I actually
learned a lot from it.
Yeah. So, now I know,
what a kiss feels like.
[SHIORI]
It's all okay.
It wasn't that I
didn't want you to.
So, uh... Thanks, Jiro.
[JIRO] She's saying all this
to me, but at the same time,
she doesn't want to be
anything more than friends?
[CAT screeches]
Heh... One toasty evening, eh?
We should head home!
[SHIORI]
Let's head home. C'mon, Jiro!
[JIRO]
Pretty soon, it'll be summer.
The third summer, in fact,
since Shiori came back.
I'm begging you, Kamo. Kiss me.
[KAMO]
I must be dreaming!
Uh, his first kiss is
gonna be with me.
Right, Daddy?
[KAMO]
Oh, I am in to that.
--Butt out, you hooker!
--You're the one that needs
to butt out, Miss Virg!
[KAMO]
Wait one sec. Yes. Omigosh. Yes!
[SHIORI, AKARI]
Mwah!
[KAMO] Why did I wake up
before the spicy part?
[AKARI, SHIORI]
Next time:
[SHIORI]
"More Than a Childhood Friend."
[AKARI]
"But Not True Love."